原文――1：In this work we investigate the effect of the convolutional network depth on its
accuracy in the large-scale image recognition setting. Our main contribution is
a thorough evaluation of networks of increasing depth using an architecture with
very small (3×3) convolution filters, which shows that a significant improvement
on the prior-art configurations can be achieved by pushing the depth to 16C19
weight layers. These findings were the basis of our ImageNet Challenge 2014
submission, where our team secured the first and the second places in the localisation
and classification tracks respectively. We also show that our representations
generalise well to other datasets, where they achieve state-of-the-art results. We
have made our two best-performing ConvNet models publicly available to facilitate
further research on the use of deep visual representations in computer vision.

1、In this work we investigate the（定冠词，特指被我们提升的影响） effect of the（定冠词，特指作者设计的网络） convolutional network depth on its accuracy in the（定冠词，特指作者的设定） large-scale image recognition setting.

2、 Our main contribution is a（不定冠词，只是指明一个一般的提升） thorough evaluation of networks of increasing depth using an（不定冠词，只是指明一般的结构） architecture with very small (3×3) convolution filters, which shows 
that a（不定冠词，只是泛指一个提升） significant improvement on the（定冠词，特指所得到的出色的设定） prior-art configurations can be achieved by pushing the（定冠词，特指作者网络的深度） depth to 16C19 weight layers.

3、These findings were the（定冠词，特指作者网络的提升） basis of our ImageNet Challenge 2014 submission, where our team secured the（定冠词，序数词前面） first and the（定冠词，序数词前面） second places in the（定冠词，特指作者网络所参加比赛的类型） 
localisation and classification tracks respectively.

4、We also show that our representations generalise well to other datasets, where they achieve state-of-the-art（零冠词，复数没有冠词） results.

5、We have made our two best-performing ConvNet models publicly available to facilitate further（零冠词，不可数名词） research on the（定冠词，特指作者的使用方法） use of deep visual representations in computer vision.



原文――2：We describe a method for training object detectors using
a generalization of the cascade architecture, which results
in a detection rate and speed comparable to that of the best
published detectors while allowing for easier training and a
detector with fewer features. In addition, the method allows
for quickly calibrating the detector for a target detection
rate, false positive rate or speed. One important advantage
of our method is that it enables systematic exploration of
the ROC Surface, which characterizes the trade-off between
accuracy and speed for a given classifier.

1、We describe a（不定冠词，泛指试验方法） method for training object detectors using a（不定冠词，泛指一般的泛化） generalization of the（定冠词，特指本文的结构） cascade architecture, which results in a（不定冠词，泛指一般的探测） detection rate and speed 
comparable to that of the（定冠词，特指最好的一个） best published detectors while allowing for easier training and a（不定冠词，泛指一般的探测器） detector with fewer features.

2、In addition, the（定冠词，特指作者的方法） method allows for quickly calibrating the（定冠词，特指作者用的探测） detector for a（不定冠词，泛指探测比率） target detection rate, false positive rate or speed.

3、One important advantage of our method is that it enables systematic exploration of the（定冠词，特指ROC的surface） ROC Surface, which characterizes the（定冠词，特指在accuracy和speed之间的平衡） trade-off 
between accuracy and speed for a（不定冠词，泛指分类器） given classifier.